docs: update SAVED_REPLIES and CONTRIBUTING with new issue templates (#27608)
angular/angular: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before you submit an issue, please search the issue tracker, maybe an issue for your problem already exists and the discussion might inform you of workarounds readily available.

We want to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before fixing a bug we need to reproduce and confirm it. In order to reproduce bugs, we will systematically ask you to provide a minimal reproduction. Having a minimal reproducible scenario gives us a wealth of important information without going back & forth to you with additional questions.

> A minimal reproduction allows us to quickly confirm a bug (or point out coding problem) as well as confirm that we are fixing the right problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A minimal reproduction allows us to quickly confirm a bug (or point out a coding problem) as well as confirm that we are fixing the right problem.
```

> We will be insisting on a minimal reproduce scenario in order to save maintainers time and ultimately be able to fix more bugs. Interestingly, from our experience users often find coding problems themselves while preparing a minimal reproduction. We understand that sometimes it might be hard to extract essentials bits of code from a larger code-base but we really need to isolate the problem before we can fix it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be insisting on a minimal reproduction scenario in order to save maintainers time and ultimately be able to fix more bugs. Interestingly, from our experience users often find coding problems themselves while preparing a minimal reproduction. We understand that sometimes it might be hard to extract essential bits of code from a larger code-base but we really need to isolate the problem before we can fix it.
```
